c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc.dll.config
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc.dll
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\obj\Debug\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\obj\Debug\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc.dll
c:\users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\obj\Debug\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\MvcBoilerplate.Model.dll
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\MvcBoilerplate.Repository.dll
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\MvcBoilerplate.Service.dll
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\MvcBoilerplate.Model.pdb
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\MvcBoilerplate.Repository.pdb
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\MvcBoilerplate.Service.pdb
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Transformer.NET.dll
C:\Users\gunesx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Transformer.NET.xml
C:\Users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Ext.Net.dll
C:\Users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Ext.Net.Utilities.dll
C:\Users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Ext.Net.xml
C:\Users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Ext.Net.Utilities.xml
C:\Users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\gunesx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcBoilerplate\MvcBoilerplate.Mvc\bin\AutoMapper.xml
